---
layout: post
title: journal entries 2017-12-10
date: 2017-12-10 23:50
author: techenomics1
comments: true
categories: [Uncategorized]
---
### 2017-12-10 11:57, I've been researching odds and ends of Python and it's possible to do arrays, but you have to import arrays from array and when declaring it you have to declare the type of array.  
For example: x = array("i"[1, 2, 3]) would declare an array of just integers (you would use c for chars, and b for bytes, etc...).  Lists will contain just about anything you tell them to, which is nice, and arrays in Python don't appear to be fixed size, in that you can append to them as well which is nice and similar to lists 
ECHO is off.
### 2017-12-10 16:44, I found a great link on Ycombinator for papers to read https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15695326 and also found another link that is an ACM article explaing why Google only uses one massive repository https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2854146 which is a really good read as well.  
For me I think of the "trunk" workflow almost like a stream, with few diverging paths and people adding water (or throwing rocks in the case of bugs) into it, but it is a neat concept. 
ECHO is off.
### 2017-12-10 18:46, It took me studying python classes to understand interfaces in Java.  
An abstract method in python is a method in which the method is defined in the base class, but DOES NOT IMPLEMENT IT, rather the inheriting class overrides and implements the method. 
ECHO is off.
### 2017-12-10 19:13, After beginning to understand interfaces I was wondering why they would be used/implemented, and it's because interfaces are a workaround for languages that don't do multiple inheritnace.   
